[Music]
to select media to delete in Cutting
Room expand the left sidebar and click
on the file you want to
delete to select multiple files for
deletion use the keyboard shortcut an
unlimited number of files can be
selected clicking on a selected file
again will deselect
it to delete the files click on the
trash can icon at the bottom of the
screen confirm the delete action in the
popup dialogue box when deleting a
localized file from from Cutting Room
the original files will remain on your
laptop any connected integration and in
the reporter app the opposite is also
true deleting any files from your laptop
hard drive any connected integration or
the reporter app will not delete the
localized file in Cutting Room